Dear Saver,

WELCOME TO RATE TRACKER
Shining a light on your savings rates

Thank you for signing up to our free and unique Rate Tracker which is designed to keep you informed about your savings accounts, to help you keep on the best rate, always.

We monitor the WHOLE UK savings market and email you 
with details of your savings account changes, which your 
provider may not. These changes include:

•	If there is a rate change on your variable rate account
•	If your bonus is due to expire
•	When your fixed rate product is due to mature

Please remember, Rate Tracker is only as good as the
information you provide, so make sure you keep your portfolio up to date so you can benefit from this free service.

If you've enjoyed using Rate Tracker and found it valuable, please tell your friends so they can make sure they always get the best rate too.

The more savvy savers there are out there, the harder the banks and building societies will have to compete for our money.

Need anything else?  We offer a range of tools to help you to make the most of your money so if you haven’t already signed up, then you might be interested in our:

•	Rate Alerts – Be the first to know of new best buys or last chance tips if they’re due to be pulled
•	Twitter – For up to the minute information on savings rates so you’re always in the know
•	Newsletters – News and views on the world of savings including “what’s hot and what’s not” 
•	Savings Assistance – Need some assistance? Call one of our dedicated savings advisers who are on hand to help with any savings related queries or just simply to talk you through the best rates


Thanks again for taking the time to sign up to our Rate Tracker service.  We hope you find it useful now and in the future.
Kind Regards

Anna & Sue
Email: info@savingschampion.co.uk
Tel: 0845 680 4964
Savingschampion.co.uk serving savers in three simple ways:
1.	Best Buy Tables - Completely unbiased. Truly independent.
2.	Rate Tracker - Market leading free service. Take the One Minute Rate Check
3.	Rate Tracker Concierge - Reducing risk and finding the best rates for savers with £250,000+
